model/antenna-array-model	AntennaHorizontalSpacing
model/antenna-array-model	AntennaVerticalSpacing
model/buildings-obstacle-propagation-loss-model		Frequency
model/mmwave-3gpp-buildings-propagation-loss-model		Frequency
model/mmwave-3gpp-buildings-propagation-loss-model		UpdateCondition
model/mmwave-3gpp-channel	UpdatePeriod
model/mmwave-3gpp-channel	CellScan
model/mmwave-3gpp-channel	Blockage
model/mmwave-3gpp-channel	NumNonselfBlocking
model/mmwave-3gpp-channel	BlockerSpeed
model/mmwave-3gpp-channel	PortraitMode
model/mmwave-3gpp-propagation-loss-model    Frequency
model/mmwave-3gpp-propagation-loss-model    MinLoss
model/mmwave-3gpp-propagation-loss-model    ChannelCondition
model/mmwave-3gpp-propagation-loss-model	Scenario
model/mmwave-3gpp-propagation-loss-model	OptionalNlos
model/mmwave-3gpp-propagation-loss-model	Shadowing
model/mmwave-amc	Ber
model/mmwave-amc	AmcModel
model/mmwave-beamforming		LongTermUpdatePeriod
model/mmwave-beamforming	 SmallScaleFading
model/mmwave-beamforming	 FixSpeed
model/mmwave-beamforming	 UeSpeed
model/mmwave-channel-matrix	ChunkWidth
model/mmwave-channel-matrix	NumResourceBlocks
model/mmwave-channel-matrix	NumSubbandPerRB
model/mmwave-channel-raytracing	StartDistance
model/mmwave-channel-raytracing	Speed
model/mmwave-enb-net-device		MmWaveEnbPhy
model/mmwave-enb-net-device		MmWaveEnbMac
model/mmwave-enb-net-device		mmWaveScheduler
model/mmwave-enb-net-device		LteEnbRrc
model/mmwave-enb-net-device		CellId
model/mmwave-enb-net-device		AntennaNum
model/mmwave-enb-phy	TxPower
model/mmwave-enb-phy	NoiseFigure
model/mmwave-enb-phy	 DlSpectrumPhy
model/mmwave-enb-phy	 UlSpectrumPhy
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler    CqiTimerThreshold
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler    HarqEnabled
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	 FixedMcsDl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	McsDefaultDl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	 FixedMcsUl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	McsDefaultUl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	 DlSchedOnly
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	 UlSchedOnly
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	 FixedTti
model/mmwave-flex-tti-mac-scheduler	SymPerSlot
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler    CqiTimerThreshold
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler    HarqEnabled
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	 FixedMcsDl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	McsDefaultDl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	 FixedMcsUl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	McsDefaultUl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	 DlSchedOnly
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	 UlSchedOnly
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	 Algorithm
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	 FixedTti
model/mmwave-flex-tti-maxweight-mac-scheduler	SymPerSlot
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler    CqiTimerThreshold
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler    HarqEnabled
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	 FixedMcsDl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	McsDefaultDl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	 FixedMcsUl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	McsDefaultUl
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	 DlSchedOnly
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	 UlSchedOnly
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	 FixedTti
model/mmwave-flex-tti-pf-mac-scheduler	SymPerSlot
model/mmwave-net-device		Mtu
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			SymbolPerSlot
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			SymbolsPerSubframe
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			 SubframePeriod
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common		   CtrlSymbols
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			SymbolPeriod
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			SlotsPerSubframe
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			SubframePerFrame
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			SubcarriersPerChunk
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			ChunkPerRB
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			ChunkWidth
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			ResourceBlockNum
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			NumReferenceSymbols
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			CenterFreq
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			TDDPattern
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common		  UlSchedDelay
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common		  NumRbPerRbg
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common			WbCqiPeriod
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common		 GuardPeriod
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common		 NumHarqProcess
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common		 HarqDlTimeout
model/mmwave-phy-mac-common		 TbDecodeLatency
model/mmwave-propagation-loss-model    Frequency
model/mmwave-propagation-loss-model    MinLoss
model/mmwave-propagation-loss-model    ChannelStates
model/mmwave-propagation-loss-model		LossFixedDb
model/mmwave-propagation-loss-model		FixedLossTst
model/mmwave-radio-bearer-tag    rnti
model/mmwave-radio-bearer-tag    lcid
model/mmwave-radio-bearer-tag	 size
model/mmwave-rr-mac-scheduler    CqiTimerThreshold
model/mmwave-rr-mac-scheduler    HarqEnabled
model/mmwave-spectrum-phy		DataErrorModelEnabled
model/mmwave-ue-net-device		EpcUeNas
model/mmwave-ue-net-device		mmWaveUeRrc
model/mmwave-ue-net-device		MmWaveUePhy
model/mmwave-ue-net-device		MmWaveUeMac
model/mmwave-ue-net-device		Imsi
model/mmwave-ue-net-device		AntennaNum
model/mmwave-ue-net-device		LteUeRrc
model/mmwave-ue-phy	    TxPower
model/mmwave-ue-phy		DlSpectrumPhy
model/mmwave-ue-phy		UlSpectrumPhy
helper/mmwave-bearer-stats-calculator    StartTime,
helper/mmwave-bearer-stats-calculator    EpochDuration
helper/mmwave-bearer-stats-calculator    DlRlcOutputFilename
helper/mmwave-bearer-stats-calculator    UlRlcOutputFilename
helper/mmwave-bearer-stats-calculator    DlPdcpOutputFilename
helper/mmwave-bearer-stats-calculator    UlPdcpOutputFilename
helper/mmwave-helper		PathlossModel
helper/mmwave-helper		ChannelModel
helper/mmwave-helper		Scheduler
helper/mmwave-helper	  HarqEnabled
helper/mmwave-helper		RlcAmEnabled
helper/mmwave-point-to-point-epc-helper    S1uLinkDataRate,
helper/mmwave-point-to-point-epc-helper    S1uLinkDelay,
helper/mmwave-point-to-point-epc-helper    S1uLinkMtu,
helper/mmwave-point-to-point-epc-helper    X2LinkDataRate
helper/mmwave-point-to-point-epc-helper    X2LinkDelay
helper/mmwave-point-to-point-epc-helper    X2LinkMtu
